Laura Delaney
Assignment #2 - Found Poem
2/9/2017

Purity Culture (Seattle Aquarium cancels octopus sex act due to cannibalism concerns)

this year, the chance to watch some 8-armed nooky has been called off.
Consent can be withdrawn.

Instead of mating, our understanding of God’s design for our sexual lives is to encourage members of the Whitworth community to reserve sex for marriage, mate once at the end of their lives, then die. 

Members of the Whitworth community won't be getting any love this Valentine's Day outside marriage, even if it falls short of actual intercourse.





Kong - is too big for the females

“Seattle Aquarium cancels octopus sex act due to cannibalism concerns”
“SEATTLE (KOMO) -- The octopus at the Seattle Aquarium won't be getting any love this Valentine's Day.

Each Valentine's Day the Aquarium invites people to watch the sea creatures mate, but Seattle Aquarium officials tell KOMO News that this year, the chance to watch some 8-armed nooky has been called off.

Aquarium staff say they're afraid that their male octopus - a 70-pound cephalopod named Kong - is too big for the females who are 30 to 40 pounds, and he may eat them.
So much for romance!

Instead of mating, Kong will be released back into the Puget Sound Monday at noon.
Octopuses only live about three or four years and mate once at the end of their lives.

Then they die.”
(Source: http://komonews.com/news/local/aquarium-cancels-octopus-sex-act-due-to-cannibalism-concerns)



“It breaks my heart that this is becoming necessary. I am noticing myself that I am starting to disengage from the news and almost sigh or roll my eyes whenever *he* is on the news with another tweet *again*. Not just that, but other world leaders are restless too.

But I am afraid of this disinterest within myself. It had not even been 100 years since WWII, and the similarities are frightening. I really hope it will not go that far, but at the same time I am very aware that it might. A large part of my generation has grown up knowing nothing but peace, but peace is a fragile thing, and so many seem to have forgotten that.

If war comes to our homes, can I still be a pacifist?”
Source: comments from <http://blog.patrickrothfuss.com/2017/02/what-were-doing-how-were-coping/>


“2. There is to be no cohabitation on campus. We understand the term “cohabitation” to include genital sexual contact outside marriage, and/or the spending of a night together by two people engaged in a romantic or sexual relationship or encounter. The
Whitworth community’s commitment to the authority of scripture leads us to believe that the genital sexual relationship is to be understood and experienced within the context of marriage, and that to express it otherwise would diminish the high regard we have for this gift from God. These beliefs are based on our understanding of God’s design for our sexual lives and on our knowledge of human development and relational dynamics. While the explicit intent of this policy is to encourage members of the Whitworth community to reserve sex for marriage, the practical application of the policy requires that it be used also to address persons who spend extended hours of a night together, who sleep together, and/or who engage in genital contact, even if it falls short of actual intercourse.” 
“The past sexual history or sexual character of a party will not be used in an investigation or conduct meeting unless such information is determined by the investigator to 43 be highly relevant. All such information will be presumed irrelevant, and any request to overcome this presumption by the parties must be included in the complaint/response or a subsequent written request that must be reviewed by the investigator. While previous conduct violations by the accused individual are not generally used as information about the present situation, the investigator or associate dean may supply previous complaint information, or may consider it him/herself if s/he is hearing the complaint, only if the following criteria are met:
• The respondent was previously found responsible.
• The previous incident was substantially similar to the present situation.
• Information indicates a pattern of behavior by the respondent.”


Source: Whitworth Student Handbook <https://www.whitworth.edu/cms/media/whitworth/documents/administration/student-life/student-handbook/campus-bahavioral-expectations.pdf>
